Fix `Switch` node boolean conversion description in Visual shaders (#10502)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/shaders/visual_shaders.rst

The ``Switch`` node returns a vector if the boolean condition is ``true`` or
``false``. ``Boolean`` was introduced above. If you convert a vector to a true

> boolean, atleast one component of the vector should be non-zero.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
boolean, all components of the vector should be non-zero.
```
I don't think the behavior difference you have suggested is quite correct.
Cursory testing in the visual shader editor suggests that it is all components, and that it is non-zero values. Cyan is true, magenta is false:
![Godot_v4 3-stable_mono_win64_V6cBtseiaQ](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/887cbe65-7643-4b98-898b-b956717e58a7)

And it compiles to Godot's text shading language as something like the following, with an explicit `all()` in there:
```
// Switch:2
	n_out2p0 = mix(vec3(n_out11p0.xyz), vec3(n_out10p0.xyz), float(all(bvec2(n_out3p0))));
```

Author: Is it?
I shall double check later today and close this if I'm wrong
